0.77 changelog (#30758)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

Our [prioritized roadmap][roadmap] of features and utilities that the core team is focusing on.

### 0.77 - December 2023 Update

In this release, we focused on new features, stability and improvements.

**Highlights**

 - New utility: Command Not Found PowerShell 7.4 module - adds the ability to detect failed commands in PowerShell 7.4 and suggest a package to install using winget. Thanks [@carlos-zamora](https://github.com/carlos-zamora)!
 - Keyboard manager does not register low level hook if there are no remappings anymore.
 - Added support for QOI file type in Peek.
 - Added support for loading 3rd-party plugins with additional dependencies in PowerToys Run.

### General

 - Bump WPF-UI package version to fix crashes related to theme changes. (This was a hotfix for 0.76)
 - Fixed typo in version change notification. Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!
 - Code improvements and fixed silenced warnings introduced by upgrade to .NET 8.
 - Update copyright year for 2024.

>  - Added setting to disable warning notifications.

Reviewer: what warnings?

Reviewer 2: Rephrasing it as :
> - Added a setting to disable warning notifications about detecting an application running as Administrator.

 - Improved icon and title showing for previewed files. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
 - Added QOI file type support. Thanks [@pedrolamas](https://github.com/pedrolamas)!

### PowerToys Run

 - Fixed results list UI element height for different maximum number of results value. (This was a hotfix for 0.76)
 - Fixed icon extraction for .lnk files. (This was a hotfix for 0.76)
 - Fixed search box UI glitch when FlowDirection is RightToLeft. (This was a hotfix for 0.76)
 - Fixed theme setting. (This was a hotfix for 0.76)
 - Fixed error reporting window UI issue. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
 - UI improvements and ability to show/hide plugins overview panel. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
 - Allow interaction with plugin hints. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
 - Switch to WPF-UI theme manager. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
 - Fixed issue causing 3rd party plugin's dependencies dll not being loaded properly. Thanks [@coreyH](https://github.com/CoreyHayward)!
 - Added configurable font sizes. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!

>  - Fix plugins preview selection style. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Changed the text color of plugin hints to improve the contrast when light theme is used. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!
```

The fix was an improvement of the PR created for the **Allow interaction with plugin hints** since in 0.76 you can't select plugins. I would mention the text color change with light theme.

Reviewer: Didn't you fixed the selection style for HC themes too?

Reviewer 3: Yeah, but it's not relevant for end users since 0.76 didn't have selection.

 - Add URI/URL features to Value generator plugin. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)!

### Quick Accent

 - Moved Greek specific characters from All language set to Greek. Thanks [@Aaron-Junker](https://github.com/Aaron-Junker)!
 - Add more mathematical symbols. Thanks [@kevinfu2](https://github.com/kevinfu2)!

### Settings

 - Fixed exception occurring on theme change.
 - Fix "What's new" icon. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001)!
 - Remove obsolete UI Font icon properties. Thanks [@Jay-o-Way](https://github.com/Jay-o-Way)!
 - OOBE UI improvements. Thanks [@Jay-o-Way](https://github.com/Jay-o-Way)!
 - XAML Binding improvements. Thanks [@Jay-o-Way](https://github.com/Jay-o-Way)!
 - Fixed crash caused by ThemeListener constructor exceptions.

### Documentation

 - Improved docs for adding new languages to monaco. Thanks [@PesBandi](https://github.com/PesBandi)!
 - Update README.md to directly state x64 & ARM processor in requirements.
 - Added Scoop plugin to PowerToys Run thirdPartyRunPlugins.md docs. Thanks [@Quriz](https://github.com/Quriz)!

### Development

>  - Adopted XamlStyler for PowerToys Run source code. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Not closed yet since I am waiting for ColorPicker UI refresh to be merged.
Moved to 0.78 project.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/pull/30011/files was merged right? Si tu was adopted for PowerToys Run.
@davidegiacometti , what am I missing here?

Reviewer 3: My bad 😅 The statement was related to Run but I was thinking that the issue isn't fully closed.
